4 steps for IAM

IDP
CIBA - OAuth2 
Client initiated back channel authentication

take care of jail break or prompt injection

user llm as a judge and use local llm model . 
for agent inference use high end llm model calls

preserving of principal of least previledge
non human identities
agent tools which are called are the tools we can trust. how do we make sure we call only the tools we 
approved ?


SPIRE


add zero trust 
verify then trust

just in time trust
UADP  intent to policy structure 

not standing policies
need to add guardrails 
preserving of principal of least previledge
non human identities
agent tools which are called are the tools we can trust. how do we make sure we call only the tools we 
approved ? can the tool be replaced with malicious tool with same name ? tool registry with hash ?
can the prompt injection change the tool which is malicious and not intended. 

the github repo - https://github.com/Arcanum-Sec/arc_pi_taxonomy has lot of prompt injections

registry of agents ? 

can the agent call any tool no. It needs to be intent driven. Internal llm as a judge comes into play if the 
intent is not matching the tool call. will that mean that the hardcoded policy engine is not needed ? 
it is dynamic ?

makaroon , wafer,  buscuits 
self attenuating scope - scope trimming 
symantic inspection not syntactical inspection 

stop prompt injection
indirect prompt injection from searching the web or usage of open tools

policy preferences
dynamically write policies

every agent or subagent gets unique credentials with access control
RBAC

what will be agentic ai firewall or gateway to restrict

throttle or Human in the loop

accountablity 
previleges only for needed work
delegation to subagents , inherit the identity of caller ? no

tie action to intent -- llm as a judge 

audit everything from left to right 
federate the workload to understand what is going on in the system

can we do posture management and threat management
posture checks - red teaming 

CNAPP 2.0 where is it going 

runtime protection

source

autonomy - power - assurance

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YQdm32PZWaM

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j51uMah-3js